Add documentation (#1)
DHI-GRAS/react-components-ts: packages/react-components-lab/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

First of all, welcome and thank you for contributing to our Storybook.

# About

> The purpose of our `@dhi/react-components-lab` GitHub library is to host the components that are not yet ready to be added to the core library. Here, the components will leave for a certain amount if time until the components have been tested by our maintainers in terms of missing features, bugs, API design etc. The older and more used a component is, the less likely it is that new issues will be found.

Reviewer: Would suggest revising this section to be more clear. Could possibly pretty much just copy (most) from MaterialUI.

- It needs to be used. The Material-UI team uses Google Analytics stats among other metrics to evaluate the usage of each component. A lab component with low usage either means that it isn't fully working yet or that there is a low demand for it.
- It needs to match the code quality of the core components. It doesn't have to be perfect to be a part of the core, but the component should be reliable enough that developers can depend on it.
- Each component needs type definitions. It is not currently required that a lab component is typed, but it would need to be typed to move to the core.
- Requires good test coverage. Some of the lab components don't currently have comprehensive tests.
- Can it be used as leverage to incentivize users to upgrade to the latest major release? The less fragmented the community is, the better.
- It needs to have a low probability of a breaking change in the short/medium future. For instance, if it needs a new feature that will likely require a breaking change, it may be preferable to delay its promotion to the core.

Could also possibly add aspects of these points under the opening a PR section

Reviewer 2: Looks interesting, even though I feel like it's a lot of information for what will it actually be. Some points we did not agree on and I think they should be added after the merge such as:
-  the analytics part, 
- the versioning part I am not sure if it's fully relevant as, after all, the package is scoped only for DHI. 
- The testing part I am not sure we agreed on yet - but I will add it
- the breaking change short/medium future, I guess it needs to be evaluated based on a component, but still.. the library is not used externally so unsure how relevant this is.

Reviewer 2: It gives me the feeling that these are more of suggestions for merging lab components into core, which I believe should not be in the "About" section (which is taken from Mui as well 🍡)

I will add a section called "From lab to core"

# Setting up

To get started follow these steps:

- Clone the repository on your PC using `git clone https://github.com/DHI/react-components.git`.
- Run `yarn install`.

> - If everything went well, you are ready to add your contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clone the repository`.
- Install dependencies `yarn install`.
- Change your working directory to `packages/react-components-lab`
```

There are many ways to clone a repo, so don't really have to be specific with one. (I use SSH for instance)
Suggesting more specifics to the package

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## ESLint

The package uses ESLint with the `airbnb-typescript` configuration, which enforces consistent code style and warns on possible errors.
Most editors support an ESLint plugin or extension. Enabling auto-fix on save may also be a good idea.

```

## Commits:

We are using the [Angular Commit Message Conventions](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#-git-commit-guidelines) for versioning our packages.

| Commit messages            | Release type           |
| -------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| fix(name): Commit message  | Patch Release 0.0.1    |
| feat(name): Commit message | Feature Release 0.1.0  |
| perf(name): Commit message | Breaking Release 1.0.0 |

> This is not a requirement and should only be used when adding a change that needs to be reflected on the package itself. Each of these commits will trigger a specific semantic versioning action when in the pipeline, so use with precaution.

Reviewer: Maybe it should be a requirement to some extent, in order to have consistent release notes?

> ## Branches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Branch naming conventions
```

- fix/branch-name - When dealing with a bug or a quick-fix
- feature/branch-name - When dealing with a feature

> - docs/branch-name - When dealing with the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fix/branch-name` - When dealing with a bug or a quick-fix
- `feature/branch-name` - When dealing with a feature
- `docs/branch-name` - When dealing with the documentation
```

## Issues

> When creating a new feature, firstly we have to create the need for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a new feature, its necessity and value should first be evaluated.
```

This is done by creating an issue and describing how does the feature improve our current lab package and what is the expected behaviour, assign somebody to it and label it accordingly.

In order for a component to be added, it needs to check a few boxes:

> * [x] The component cannot be implemented by styling a MUI component via the theme (finst. `<Button />` or `<Typography />`). However, if the styling is complex enough and requires a lot of styling (finst. The `<Slider />` component), it can be evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [x] The component cannot be implemented by styling a Material UI component via the theme (for instance `<Button />` or `<Typography />`). However, if the styling is complex enough and requires a lot of styling (for instance The `<Slider />` component), it can be evaluated.
```

* [x] The component implements an element of the [DHI Design Guidelines](https://www.figma.com/file/pSfX5GNsa6xhKGbi3DWQtn/DHI-Official-Guidelines) or is otherwise generic enough in functionality and close enough to the DHI CVI that it is likely to find reuse in other projects.
* [x] The component needs to be reviewed by at least one of the maintainers.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Component structure guidelines

The structure, style and conventions of a component should generally be as consistent as possible.
Some aspects are enforced by the ESLint configuration, but not all.
It may therefore be a good idea to take a look at the existing components and follow what's established there.

Early iterations of a component may still be acceptable as it can later be revised and stabilized once the component is to be moved to the core package.

Components must be as atomic as possible. If a child component could potentially be used independently, it should be its own component, not a sub-component.
Sub-components, along with their types and styles should always be exported.

```

Could also be more specific, giving more concrete examples like given in the DHI/react-components issue - use of context, specific folder structure, composition, etc.
Or maybe this is sufficient - just tell to follow the existing structure roughly and discuss in PRs

## Pull Requests (PR)

> When creating a PR, please explain what it does and make sure to link the relevant issues to it using the Github keywords or through the GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a PR, please explain the functionality of the component and make sure to link the relevant GitHub issues.
```

> Moreover, ensure that you are going through the PR template instructions.

Reviewer: Will we have the template before merge?

> ## Dependencies, devDependecies and peerDependencies

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this whole section is necessary, as this goes for any project with dependencies
